docs: add react 19+ example, update React wrapper example, and remove @esri/calcite-components-angular reference (#13936)
Esri/calcite-components: examples/components/react-18-and-below/README.md

> # React 18 and below with TypeScript

Reviewer: For readability should we list out TypeScript first?

```suggestion
# TypeScript with React 18 and below
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can remove "with" and use a dash instead? Swapping the order seems odd to me as this is primarily a React example, not TypeScript.
```suggestion
# React 18 and below - TypeScript
```

Author: I agree that React should be the first word since it's primarily a React example. Thoughts on parentheses instead of the dash? 

```suggestion
# React (version 18 and below) with TypeScript
```

npm run dev
```

## Deprecation Notice

> [!WARNING]

> > Calcite Components React is deprecated in v5.0.0 and will be removed in v6.0.0.

Reviewer: @Esri/calcite-pes Based on this morning's discussion regarding removals, should we scope this so a specific version isn't mentioned? Also recall there were some internal discussions with the AWC team that would were considering not dropping the wrapper support in `6.0` to ensure support for customers who are unable to migrate to React 19 or above before 2027.

Author: Good call. I'll update this here and in the `calcite-components-react` README.

> The `@esri/calcite-components-react` package was originally developed for use with React 18 where wrappers were necessary to use custom elements. With React 19's custom element support, these wrappers are no longer needed.

Reviewer 3: Would it be helpful to add a link to https://react.dev/blog/2024/12/05/react-19#support-for-custom-elements (or similar resource) on `With React 19's custom element support,`?

// Local assets
setAssetPath(window.location.href);
```

Next, import the components used in your application:

```tsx
// define the custom elements on the browser
import "@esri/calcite-components/components/calcite-button";
import "@esri/calcite-components/components/calcite-icon";

> import "@esri/calcite-components/components/calcite-slider";

Author: Aligning with instructions in [Get Started Calcite docs](https://developers.arcgis.com/calcite-design-system/get-started/#custom-elements-build). "dist" was removed in 3.0.

## Why not use the web components directly?

With React 19+'s native support for custom elements, you can now use <code>@esri/calcite-components</code> directly. For specific implementation details, refer to the [React 19+ example](../react-19-and-above/README.md).

> Because React 18 and earlier versions use a synthetic event system, the custom events emitted from Calcite Components won't work with JSX in React. For example, if you are using standard web components to update a value when the `calcite-slider` component changes, you need to save a ref to the element and add a listener:

Reviewer: Copyedit considerations:

```suggestion
React 18 and earlier versions use a synthetic event system, where the custom events emitted from Calcite Components won't function with JSX in React. For example, if using standard web components to update a value when changes occur on the `<calcite-slider>`, you will need to save a reference to the element and add a listener:
```

Author: Note: The paragraph above was copied directly from the `calcite-components-react` README file, so any changes here should be made there as well for alignment. 

Re:  `<calcite-slider>` 
Do we normally add angle brackets around components? I checked elsewhere in our docs and I see a lot of references without angle brackets.  See [Core Concepts page](https://developers.arcgis.com/calcite-design-system/core-concepts/#slots) for example.

Reviewer: > Re: `<calcite-slider>`
> Do we normally add angle brackets around components? I checked elsewhere in our docs and I see a lot of references without angle brackets. See [Core Concepts page](https://developers.arcgis.com/calcite-design-system/core-concepts/#slots) for example.

The suggestion above was mentioned for clarity in the code mentioned below for consistency. Will let other reviewers chime in on their thoughts.

Reviewer 2: Could go either way, but using the angle brackets does make a nicer comparison to the `<CalciteSlider>` React wrapper component shown below 👍
